hello we are anonymous an attempt to
block the sale of an important new book
has been brought to our attention this
conspiracy of censorship is part of an
ongoing campaign by the cult of
Scientology two very sensitive
information about its activities and
operations author John dygan is a highly
placed Scientology defector his new book
called the complex is already making
news for its detailed exposure of
Scientology's business structure
mind-control techniques and armed
response capabilities it is the first
time a book has been written by a senior
member of the cults Le paramilitary
Scientology does not want you to read
the complex fearful of the impact and
informed public would have on its
sinister agenda
Scientology respects no boundary in its
suppression of critical testimony if
denial fails to discredit those who
would speak doubt the bullying tactics
failed to intimidate then litigation is
used as a weapon of coercion in this
case a threat of legal action has been
received by the books publisher and
communicated to leading booksellers
amazon has removed the complex from sale
in the UK and other companies are
following suit this pattern of activity
is familiar to us previous decisions by
Amazon to delete material critical of
Scientology have been exposed on the
internet and thereby reversed it is our
intent to intensify such forms of
Correction anonymous will not permit
these latest revelations of
Scientology's inner secrets to disappear
nor the others that will join them as
former cult members gain the courage to
commit their stories to the hooded page
to the Scientology drones behind this
latest censorship attempt your efforts
are self-defeating by trying to erase
the infamous Tom Cruise video from the
internet you have effected an
exponential increase in the strength of
opposition aligned against you clearly
you have still not learned from your
mistakes your slavish adherence to a
passive paranoia oppressive secrecy and
corrupt influence creates demand for the
information you want to suppress it will
be the source of your undoing anonymous
is watching
the public will be alerted whenever you
seek to conceal in shadow that which
belongs in the light you can unhide from
the internet we are anonymous we are
legion we do not forgive we do not
forget expect us
you